Add an API for adding tags to an active trace. (#13828)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/llms/tracing/index.rst

        experiment_id="1", max_timestamp_millis=current_time, max_traces=10
    )

Trace Tags
----------

Tags can be added to traces to provide additional metadata at the trace level. For example, you can attach a session ID to a trace to group traces by a conversation session. MLflow provides APIs to set and delete tags on traces. Select the right API based on whether you want to set tags on an active trace or on an already finished trace.

Setting Tags on an Active Trace.

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: If we're marking the API as experimental, let's add a note here stating that the functionality may be expanded in the future (but not removed).

Author: Actually I don't think we need to explicitly mark this experimental. We may add some parameters but will not likely do backward incompatible change🙂

    pprint(traces["trace"][0].data.spans[0].to_dict(), indent=1)

The stdout values that will be rendered from this call are identical to those from the example span data above. 

Q. How to group multiple traces within a single conversation session?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In conversational AI applications, it is common that users interact with the model multiple times within a single conversation session. Since each interaction generates a trace in the typical MLflow setup, it is useful to group these traces together to analyze the conversation as a whole. You can achieve this by attaching the session ID as a **tag** to each trace.

> The following example shows how to use session ID in the chat model implemented with the :py:class:`mlflow.pyfunc.ChatModel` class. Refer to the `Trace Tags <#trace-tags>`_ section for more information on how to set tags on traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to use session ID in a chat model that has been  implemented using the :py:class:`mlflow.pyfunc.ChatModel` class. Refer to the `Trace Tags <#trace-tags>`_ section for more information on how to set tags on traces.
```

                        mlflow.update_current_trace(tags={"session_id": session_id})

                    response = openai.OpenAI().chat.completions.create(
                        messages=[m.to_dict() for m in messages],
                        model="gpt-4o-mini",
                    )

                    return ChatResponse.from_dict(response.to_dict())

            model = ChatModelWithSession()

            # Invoke the chat model multiple times with the same session ID
            session_id = "123"
            messages = [ChatMessage(role="user", content="What is MLflow Tracing?")]
            response = model.predict(
                None, messages, ChatParams(metadata={"session_id": session_id})
            )

            # Invoke again with the same session ID
            messages.append(
                ChatMessage(role="assistant", content=response.choices[0].message.content)
            )
            messages.append(ChatMessage(role="user", content="How to get started?"))
            response = model.predict(
                None, messages, ChatParams(metadata={"session_id": session_id})
            )

> The above code creates two new traces with the same session ID tag. On MLflow UI, you can search for traces with the session ID using ``tag.session_id = '123'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code creates two new traces with the same session ID tag. Within the MLflow UI, you can search for these traces that have this defined session ID using ``tag.session_id = '123'``.
```
